Heat.
[music]
Heat. [music]
Heat. Heat.
[music] Heat. Heat.
[music]
Heat. Heat.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Heat. Heat.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Heat. Heat.
[music]
>> [music]
>> I want to talk about AI and I would
really want to because I think this is
on everybody's mind more than almost any
other subject today um related to
intersection of business, technology,
society. Um, so Satia, um,
you know, we're we're moving AI from
something that was experimental,
something that we always talked about in
the future, and now it's it's today. Um,
and it's now more foundational. [snorts]
And it's not just foundational for
companies, but it it really is becoming
now foundational
for countries and throughout society and
I think you know you have an advantage
over so many other people you know being
at the forefront of this technology
transition. Um so um with that I wanted
to ask a few questions related to that.
You have described that AI is a plat
plat uh platform shift
and what does what does that mean?
Question one, where do you see that
shift going in the next few years? And
importantly, the third part of my
question would be fast forwarding a few
years, five years,
what's going to seem obvious in
hindsight that feels less clear today?
You know, first of all, um it's great uh
to be back here, uh Larry, and it's um I
had a chance, in fact, yesterday when
you put out the letter, uh to kick off
the forum and read it. And um and in
there, you sort of had this one line of
uh really I think when it comes to AI,
the real question in front of all of us
is how do you ensure that the diffusion
of AI happens and happens fast? I mean I
think you had that line of how do the
models, the data and the infrastructure
[clears throat]
spread more evenly to create surplus
everywhere. If you sort of think about
it, the the way I come at this is not
that um this has always been the arc of
computation, right? You can sort of take
it in the last 30 years or the last 70
years. It's always been about can you
digitize
artifacts on about people, places, and
things and then build analytical and
predictive power. Right? That's what the
mainframes did. That's what the mini
computer did. That's what the client
server error did. That's what the web
error did. The mobile cloud error did.
So it like it it depend irrespective of
which paradigm or platform it has been
one continuous arc of saying let's make
better sense of this world um by
reasoning about it in digital form
because in some sense once you have
these artifacts in digital form you can
use a more malleable resource like
software
>> right
>> um which doesn't have the same type of
you know I'll call it [clears throat]
marginal cost economics associated with
it that allows us to then build more
insight and more uh more capability and
in that context AI I would say is of the
same class at least like the web or the
internet um or mobile or PC or the cloud
or and maybe even greater and so to me
right now where we are is you know let's
take just what's happened with software
engineering, right? Which is one, you
know, is knowledge work. Um, you know,
you could say it's elite knowledge work.
>> It started off, uh, you know, in fact,
my own belief in this generation of AI
and its capability. Uh, really got built
up when I first saw GitHub copilot do
code completions, right? So for the
longest time we had the dream that if
you're a software developer can you
predict the next sort of word or the
next uh line of code uh and suddenly it
started working with these models uh
then you said okay if I can do that then
can I actually go and bring back you
know the flow for a software developer
by going to a chat session and asking
any question and it comes back with
answers that then uh you can use in your
coding flow right so that was the next
thing then you said Well, if that's
working, can I assign it small tasks?
That was the agent mode. Uh, now you
have complete autonomous agents where
you can give it your entire project,
right? It can work uh, you know,
>> 24/7.
>> It can work for 24/7. I mean, it's still
we've got some ways to go for these
things to remain coherent long time. But
nevertheless, it's getting better and
better. And interestingly enough, you
look at it, uh, the software developer
still is got a lot of agency in it,
right? So that's why I kind of still
think that you know going and thinking
of these as somehow living outside of
the realm of human agency is probably
not the right way to think about it. In
fact, the way to perhaps conceive it
like if let's say in early 80s if
somebody had come to us and said what
four billion people are going to wake up
every morning and start typing you would
have said why right you know we have a
like we have a typist pool that's good
enough we don't need four billion people
but we that's what happened right we
invented this entire class of thing
called knowledge work where people
started really using computers uh to go
amplify what we were trying to achieve
uh using software. I think in the
context of AI that same thing is going
to happen.
>> Um it's not like you know what is
hardcore coding is going to remain
hardcore coding forever. It's just that
the levels of abstraction are going to
change. Uh but we also are going to have
code as output just like documents. In
fact, one of Bill's things at Microsoft
from the day I joined in '92 always was
what's the real difference between a
document, a website, and an application,
right? It's the lack of sort of software
that can transform itself. Interestingly
enough, AI finally gives us that, right?
Which is I can write a document. I can
just say, "No, I don't want it as a
document. I want it as a website." It'll
just transform that document using code
into a website. I say, "Oh, I don't like
the website. I want an app." it'll write
more code to transform it. So that
reasoning and cap reasoning capabilities
that prediction capabilities that
ability to take action remain long-term
coherent is all improving. Um and our
job though is to parlay this like take
even what you at BlackRock are doing
right when you're bring taking something
like say co-pilot plus Aladdin and
bringing those things [clears throat]
together
>> to improve the productivity in the firm
for the decisions you want to make right
with your data
>> I could just tell you from at our firm
things that would take 12 hours to
compute now takes minutes for us
processing $14 trillion of other
people's money with hundreds of
thousands of different um mandates um we
could do that instantaneous and we you
know that to me if it wasn't for the
technology and AI today we would not be
able to function to the scale that we're
operating
>> that's right and so to me that one firm
at a time one country at a time if we
can really take these tokens and bend
the curve of productivity then there is
surplus everywhere and that's really the
goal
>> well surplus could be scary too does
does surplus mean fewer workers? What do
we mean by surplus? And so, you know,
the I'm going to tie that into my second
question about AI diffusion.
>> Yeah.
>> To me, the the whole realization of AI
for any society and also for a more
balanced world is making sure that it's
diffused and accessible and available
across the world. So what you know can
you describe how this process of
diffusion uh across economies across
companies across people and countries
how does that play out?
>> Yeah I think
that this is the real question right
because one of the uh things right now
the zeitgeist is a little bit about the
admiration for AI in its abstract form
or as as technology.
>> [clears throat]
>> uh but I think we as even a global
community um have to get to a point
where we're using this to do something
useful uh that changes uh the outcomes
of people and communities and countries
and industries right otherwise I don't
think uh this makes much sense right in
fact I would say we will quickly lose
even the social permission uh to
actually take something like uh energy
which is a scarce resource and use it to
generate these tokens. If these tokens
are not improving health outcomes,
education outcomes, public sector
efficiency, private sector
competitiveness across all sectors,
small and large, right? And that to me
is ultimately the goal. So therefore I
think really diffusion is everything.
And so the way it happens is let's sort
of unpack this uh on the supply side
what needs to happen in each country is
the tokens per dollar per watt have to
sort of monotonically get more efficient
and better right so to some degree even
what we're trying to do with the
investments the two firms are doing uh
around the world is to just say that
like let's make sure that the supply is
there which is uh everything from the
chips on down ultimately ely to these
token factories that get deployed
everywhere. By the way, there's not one
token factory. This token factory is the
first thing that's going to be diffused
all around the world. It's just like
electricity, right? You just need a
ubiquitous grid of uh energy and tokens
that then will power the rest of the
economy. Right? So that's I think one
side of it. Then the demand side of this
is a little bit like every firm has to
start by using it. If I look back even
you know when the PCs first came out or
the personal computing era started I I
loved you know I think Jobs had a nice
metaphor he called it the bicycle for
the mind uh Bill had a metaphor which I
remember was like information at your
fingertips right these two metaphors
were great like which allowed us to say
that's what it is it's a tool that I
will use to get information at my
fingertips I'll use it as a cognitive
amplifier
now I think that's what we have
you know 10x 100x right so in some sense
you as a as every knowledge worker you
now have access to infinite minds that's
the way I think about it right so
there's a [clears throat] cheering award
winner uh called Raj ready who had this
nice metaphor of AI and he had this long
before uh even generative AI he said
either either it's a cognitive amplifier
or it's a guardian angel right so if you
think of AI as that um then that in the
global workforce
Right? When a doctor can get to a
patient, spend more time with the
patient because the AI is doing the
transcription and entering the records
in the EMR system entering the right
billing code so that the health care uh
you know industry is better served
across the payer, the provider and uh
and the patient ultimately right that's
an an outcome that I think all of us can
benefit from. So I feel ultimately it's
going to require real leadership on the
private sector and the public sector to
ensure that diffusion happens and the
one thing other thing I'll mention Larry
is skilling right so in some sense the
thing that diffusion is very strongly
correlated to one thing alone which is
how broadly are people skilled in using
this um and interestingly enough I Think
if mobile has taught us one thing is it
it's actually distinct from what
happened in the PC right uh I remember
even growing up in the global south uh
there used to be a real relationship
between learning excel skills or word
skills and getting a job um you know
right now um what's the model in in
mobile it's kind of created the same
opportunity but it's been a lot more
consumptionled it's these creator
economy and what have But it has not
been about sort of oh wow here is how
you get a healthare job or here is how
you get a finance job or here is how you
get you know you get ahead
professionally
um and that needs to come back right
people need to say I pick up this AI
skill and now I'm a better provider of
some product or service in the real
economy
>> so it's it's very [clears throat] easy
to see how mobile and the diffusion of
mobile how it transformed economies
especially in the global South. How does
how do this you know to me I I I just
read a research report that said
the applications for AI so far are
heavily weighted towards those who are
educated or educated economies.
And so does that create that you know
more of a bifurcation a more
polarization? How do we ensure that that
that diffusion is spread evenly? How do
we make sure that [clears throat] we're
not leaving major portions of society or
the world behind? Because I think that's
that's [clears throat] going to be the
big issue for us going forward.
>> Yeah. So, it's it's it's interesting,
right? This is one of those times when
uh by definition and because of the
rails that have been established you
know as you said right which is
>> uh what's happened with mobile as well
as what's happened with um uh you know
essentially connectivity
>> right
>> you have the ability [clears throat] to
sort of deliver the tokens pretty evenly
around the world
>> right
>> a lot more so than let's say uh the PC
era or even the beginning of the mobile
era, right? Because it took a long time
for even the mo smartphone in particular
to penetrate um all of the world.
Whereas now it's not the case, right?
These models and their outputs are
pretty much available everywhere. And so
the question to me is
what's the use cases that make sense,
right? It's one in fact one of the demos
I always go back to. I think this was
even in the beginning of 23 was a rural
Indian farmer was able to use a bot
built on I think a very early GPT3 or 25
even uh essentially to reason over some
farm subsidies that he had heard about
in a local language and had it even in
that very early days uh have it even
show some agentic behavior right like go
complete a form for me. So in some sense
it took you know it brought back agency
to someone uh who perhaps didn't have
that because the technology was so much
more accessible. So I I do think it's in
our hands even in the global south to
use it uh to create I would say more of
that opportunity where there isn't one.
Um but I think what the [clears throat]
necessary conditions still are do you
have uh the capital investment being put
in uh do you even have an environment
for capital because in an interesting
way we are for example as hyperscalers
investing all over right including the
global south uh so as long as there's an
environment which attracts the capital
investment
>> and you see the demand
>> and you see and then yeah the demand is
there yeah
>> um and so the question is how do you
have a set of policies that allow for
both the capital to come in for it to
find nexus with there are certain things
by the way private capital can do
certain things that public capital only
can do for example the grid right it's
not I mean grid in most countries is
sort of fundamentally driven by
governments
>> public
>> and public and so if [clears throat] you
don't have a sophisticated sort or
rather if you don't have a a real
approach to modernizing the grid uh that
will hold things back I mean there's a
lot of talk about behind the meter and
so on and Yes, there's some amount of
that we can do ourselves.
>> We can do that in the US. Many countries
can't.
>> Exactly. And it's not long-term
scalable, right? I mean, like to me, a
long-term scalable solution is to have
uh you know, all of these token
factories, part of the real economy,
connected to the grid, connected to the
telco network, delivering uh just like
we delivered bits, you have to deliver
tokens plus bits. Um and that's kind of
what's going to drive an at scale
whether it's in the global south or in
uh on the developed world.
>> So so many people talk about there may
be an AI bubble. I mean the most
important thing that we see as an
investor is the the democratization of
technology is and the diffusion of that
technology really does then transform
the demand and the the companies or the
countries that diffuse it fastest are
going to be the ultimate winners. not
the technology creator.
>> That's that's you know it's it's it's
for this not to be a bubble
>> y
>> by definition it requires that the
benefits of this are much more evenly
spread. I mean I think a telltel sign of
if it's a bubble would be if all we're
talking about are the tech firms. Uh
right? If uh all we talk about is what's
happening to the technology side that
then that's by you know it's just purely
supply side
>> right
>> uh ultimately if we are not talking
about wow here is a drug comp you know
drug that was sort of uh brought into
the market that's super successful
because it was uh AI accelerated the
clinical trial it's not even the magical
molecule right it's kind of even the
rest of what is uh needed in order to
make something much more relevant right
um and So the more we [clears throat]
have uh and by the way it's happening
right. So I'm not sort of saying that
that's why I'm much more confident that
this is a technology that will in fact
build on the rails of cloud and mobile
diffuse faster and bend the productivity
curve and bring local surplus and
economic growth all around the world.
Not just economic growth driven by
capital expenses.
uh right because that's it's a narrow
point in time uh calculation is
>> right now that's what we're seeing more
>> that's what we're seeing you know you
know in in the developed world in
particular uh but remember my capital
like that the one thing that you know is
definitely we spending a lot of it in
the United States but 50% of it is also
all over the world
>> right
>> um and so interesting enough it depends
on uh demand all over the world and the
demand all over the world will only be
there if there is local surplus plus all
over the world. And so that's sort of
the way I see the equation.
>> So let's drill down a little more. As AI
diffuses,
obviously organizations, companies,
governments are going to have to evolve.
I'm now getting to the demand side. So
how do you think the structure of
organizations is changing in an AI world
across roles, across teams, management?
I'm I'm sure um Microsoft has evolved
itself. So it probably be good to tell
the audience how do you see this
diffusion occur in the utilization at
the corporate level or at a government
level that which ultimately then creates
that demand which eliminates any fears
and bubbles.
>> Yeah. Now I think it's probably one of
the the the big challenges with all of
these new technologies is when u work
work artifact and workflow changes
uh that means we as firms have to change
how we work. In fact, I remember meeting
um uh the CEO of General Ali, you know,
a few years back and he was describing
he had joined um uh the firm, you know,
prec [clears throat] era and uh uh and
he was describing how for example they
worked with their agents in the field uh
with faxes inter office memos and um and
and suddenly [clears throat] the PC
showed up and people would then put a
spreadsheet in an email and send it
around and the entire workflow and the
work process has changed right so
similarly I think with AI uh you are
going to start seeing uh actual change
in how workflow happens right I mean
even [clears throat]
in fact for me coming to Davos you know
whatever 50 bilateral meetings I have
preparing for those uh had a particular
workflow right which is uh there is to
be my field team would prepare notes and
that would come to my HQ and that would
get further refined and nothing had
really changed right since I joined in
'92 to essentially even a few years
back. Whereas now I just go to co-pilot
and say hey I'm meeting Larry please
give me a brief and it comes back and
gives me by the way the one nice thing
is it gives me a 360 right it knows what
we're doing with you as a client what
we're doing as a client of yours and
everything in [clears throat and cough]
between as an investment it's so it
captures even information unlike
anything else in fact what I do is I
take that and immediately share that
back with all my colleagues across all
the functions right think about it it's
a complete inversion of how information
is flowing in the organization. It's not
like this classic we have an
organization, we have departments, we
have these specializations and the
information trickles up. No, no, no. It
actually it flattens the entire
information flow. So once you start
having that you have to redesign
structurally. Uh so the current
structure may not make sense. um because
you want people to be able to work in a
way that allows them to have this
information flow freely. So what all
this leads me to if I had to sort of say
what's the formula the formula I think
it starts with the mindset. So the
mindset we as leaders should have is we
need to think about changing the work
the workflow with the technology then
that needs skill set. So you can't sort
of talk about this in the abstract. You
got to use it. Like so if I'm not using
the
>> you have to trust it.
>> You have to trust it. You have to use
it. You have to learn even how to put
the guardrails to trust it. Right? So
you can't again you can't just be afraid
of it. Uh it's going to it's going to be
diffused. So the question is as a firm
you have to use it to learn how to even
uh put the guardrails that allow you to
be able to trust it. So skills uh so
mindset skills the other big
consideration uh really is how do you
make sure you have the data set that
you're feeding like context like it's
kind of like you have a new intelligence
layer but the intelligence layer is only
as good as the context you give it. So
people describe it even as context
engineering but that is what firms do
right if you think about what do firms
do it's all about the tacit knowledge we
have by working as people in various
departments and moving paper and
information so the question is how do
you really have this AI also have that
context so these are sort of some of the
new things that have to percolate
throughout an organization uh to take
advantage in fact that's why I think you
you're going to see that challenge of
why am I not seeing immediate results in
productivity because you have to do the
hard work. In fact, that's why it's not
going to be at some you know it's going
to there going to be firmwide
differences. They're going to there
could be sectorwide differences but it's
going to fundamentally be because of the
leadership will in an organization.
>> Do you see the applications being used
across large companies and medium and
small companies or is it still the
domain of mostly the large companies at
this moment? I I think that what you're
seeing is it's easier the because if you
have a green sort of um uh you know if
you start fresh it's easier to adopt
these tools and you construct your
organization knowing that these tools
exist. So
>> is it a barbell then?
>> It is a barbell. So small companies that
are just starting use that platform
>> 100%. And I think in fact I would say
even for large organization there's a
fundamental challenge right because
unless and until your rate of change
keeps up with
>> right
>> uh with with what is possible uh you
you're going to get schooled by someone
small being able to achieve scale
because of these tools. So but I think
scale I mean large organizations have an
inherent strength. You have the
relationships, you have the data, you
have uh um you have knowhow. But the
bottom line is if you don't translate
that with a new production function, uh
then you really will be stuck. And so
therefore the change management
challenge for large organizations is
going to be bigger. The structural
challenge for small organizations of how
to overcome scale issues is going to be
harder. So it's sort of the two sides in
an interesting way. It's going to be a
very competitively intense world uh
where neither side like whether you're a
new entrant or an incumbent can't take
it as like I I can just coast. What
about country to country? Are you seeing
big differences in how the applications
are being used? Is it is AI still the
domain of developed countries or is it
becoming rapidly a domain of all
countries? I I I'm seeing there are two
things [clears throat] I would say Larry
as I travel around the world the quality
of um whether it's the knowhow the
software developers the startups
um or even large or large organizations
it's not that different it's fascinating
you can show up in Jakarta you can show
up in Istanbul you can show up in Mexico
City it's not that different than
showing up even in say Seattle or San
Francisco right it's not uh for the
first time just because access to what's
happening uh is there that said
[clears throat] at scale the commitment
to using this the risk capital being
there the large companies pushing it
hard I mean I you know again the US you
know is in fact if I compare it uh take
financial sector if financial sector's
adoption of the cloud
versus AI night and day right because in
an interesting way it's much faster uh
when it comes to AI versus it was with
the cloud and cloud because for a
variety of reasons
>> regulatory issues too until the
regulators allowed banks to bring their
data off out of campus that was a big
issue.
>> Yeah. So I would say I think wherever
[clears throat] you know so in the west
in particular in the US uh there is
clearly a real I would say more of an
energy around it in terms of going and
using it uh but it's sort of a lot more
uniformly spreading around the world
than any technology at least I've seen
>> but are you are you you [clears throat]
mentioned about the power the grid is
that going to be one of the determinants
of of the accessibility ility if you do
not have cheap power it the demand is
costly
>> 100%. So if you sort of look at the
tokens per dollar per watt right which I
think in [clears throat] some sense I
would claim that GDP growth in any place
will be directly correlated like you if
you sort of buy my entire argument that
look we've got a new commodity its
tokens
>> right
>> and the job of every economy uh and
every firm in the economy is to
translate these tokens into economic
growth then if you have a cheaper
commodity it's better uh And so that's
sort of what why there's tokens per
dollar per watt. And by the way, there
are many many elements to this, right?
Which is uh it's not just um the
production side. That's why I think even
having the grid is important. Um uh
construction costs, right? So if you
like if you think about the total TCO
uh everything it's like the how are you
a cheap producer of energy? Can you
build the data centers? Uh then what's
the cost curve uh of the silicon and the
systems? uh the and by the way look at
the token pricing right token pricing
basically drops by you know a half uh
every 3 months uh I mean this is a so
how so that that's why I think you can
sort of really plot how you use the
tokens to create surplus knowing that
you have a commodity that's whose prices
are just going to monotonically come
down in a pretty fast curve
>> we're sitting in Europe uh and there is
a real fear
because of the co Europe does not have
its own power. It has to import mostly
of its power. Um
do you have any messages for Europe
related to this?
>> Yeah, I mean I think so there are two
sets of things right. one is you know
here we are in in Switzerland and I look
at uh the the pharma or the financial
sector you know obviously Switzer uh
they they do do a big job in in in this
country as in in Europe but they're also
international brands and international
operations. So one thing that uh
whenever I think about Europe is the
Europeans are producing products and
services that actually are going
everywhere in the world and so therefore
uh European competitiveness is about the
competitiveness of their output globally
not just in Europe. I think sometimes
when you come to Europe there's a lot of
conversation about just Europe. Uh but
European economy is thrives and has you
know thrived in the last whatever 200
years 300 years. the miracle of the west
is fundamentally because of what has
happened in Europe uh is because they
were able to produce things that the
world needed and so I would say that's
number one and in order to do that you
again I go back to the human capital
here is just fantastic and world class
uh you have to absolutely invest in uh
producing uh you know having the energy
and the tokens here which again you're
attracting like as I said we're
investing and others are investing uh
the the data centers here so the
question is what's that next generation
of output that comes from here. Right? I
always think about the German middle
star. Whenever I go to a jeweler or a
dentist in the United States, I'm
surrounded by German middle. Right.
Totally.
>> Um it's just unbelievable engineering
provice of that country. uh and now the
question and by the way that's the point
that they are producing industrial
products which today are built in into
it all the intelligence as well that
data right so I know whenever we come to
Europe everyone's like talking about
sovereignty and data this data that
guess what Europe actually should be
much more concerned about access to
their industrial companies their
financial services companies of data
from US and the rest of the world. Uh as
opposed to just thinking that somehow by
protecting Europe you're going to be
competitive. You are only going to be
competitive if the products coming out
of Europe are globally competitive,
right?
>> Um and so that's I think what needs to
change. Uh you know Europe has led in
privacy that's fantastic has led in many
aspects of even safety around AI and
what have you. And that's a feature uh
that's great. But you also have to
complement it with by building locally
and then also thinking globally what's
the contribution this continent will
make uh to the rest of the world which
it has historically been a leader
>> a leader. So do you think the whole idea
around sovereignty of data is that being
misunderstood?
I I think that the when people talk
about sovereignty
first of all it's very important clearly
and who owns
>> and in a week like this it's more
important
>> uh but that said uh it is you have to
kind of think about how what is
sovereignty mean like for example in the
AIL the topic that's least talked about
but I feel will be most talked about in
in this uh this calendar will be the
sovereignty of a firm. Just imagine if
your firm you're not able to embed the
tacit knowledge of the firm in a set of
weights in a model that you control. By
definition, you have no sovereignty.
That means you're leaking enterprise
value to some model company somewhere.
In fact, that it's sort of fascinating
that nobody's talking about that, right?
It's like everybody's talking about
everything else that is sort of you know
outside of that whereas the most
important thing is it really doesn't
matter if you in fact the data center
where it runs is the least important
thing quite honestly but like even there
first of all the data centers all are
all over just because speed of light is
a real constraint uh and so therefore
the data centers will be spread yes uh
you will have digital you'll be able to
encrypt everything you'll be able to
have the keys with you all of these are
much more techn technically solve
problems but the one problem that will
only be solved is by you having much
more sovereignty over the you know tacid
knowledge uh and control over the models
and it's not a one-way enterprise value
transfer um and so to me I think
sovereignty requires real thought on
what is it um you know control of
destiny means that your your ability to
produce something that is unique is
preserved uh David Ricard was not wrong.
There's comparative advantage in
countries. Uh there is comparative
advantage in firms that needs to be
preserved even in the AI era. That's
what'll give you real sovereignty.
>> One last question. I know we're running
out of time.
Um in 5 years or 10 years, is there
going to be one dominant model that
we're all going to be using or are and
how is Microsoft preparing for this? Are
you going to be are we going to be using
one model for for enterprise, one model
for other other traits?
>> You know, even in the last whatever 3
years, four years that we've been at it,
um the the reality at this point is it's
a multimodel world, right? I mean the in
fact if you think about it the in both
there are going to be multiple models
and the trick is really how do you take
advantage of these multiple models and
in fact build your own model by
distilling these right uh so think of
these models uh that you orchestrate to
build your own model and more
importantly you do what is described as
orchestration or harness engineering. So
the IP of any application or any firm is
how do you use all these models with
context engineering or your data. Yes.
>> Right. So it's that three parts. So can
I bring in all the models by the way uh
which is closed source, open source,
build my own model, orchestrate them and
feed it my data to change the trajectory
of some outcome that I care about.
That's it. That's the entire picture. So
you can do it in like oh I produce a
particular product or service. Uh first
I got to do better better job in sales
or better job in R&D or better job in
finance or what have you. And you take
that outcome and then you say can I use
all the models orchestrate them and feed
it my context and then in as a result of
it the reasoning traces are really
leading to some capability and models
that I control as my IP. As long as
firms can answer that question, they're
going to be getting ahead.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, let's uh thank
Satya, my friend. Thank you [applause]
for
and hopefully this is the beginning of
many great dialogue and conversations
here at the World Academic Forum. Thank
you everyone.
>> Thank you.
Heat. Heat.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Heat. Heat.